Feature/terraform implementation fix (#60)
Azure/aca-landing-zone-accelerator: scenarios/aca-internal/terraform/modules/03-supporting-services/README.md

# Deploy the long-lifecycle resources

At this point, you have a [spoke virtual network](../02-spoke/README.md) ready to land your workload into. However, workloads have resources that live on different lifecycle cadences. Here you'll be deploying the resources that have a lifecycle longer than any of your application platform components.

## Expected results

Workloads often have resources that exist on different lifecycles. Some are singletons, and not tied to the deployment stamp of the application platform. Others come and go with the application platform and are part of the application's stamp. Yet others might even be tied to the deployment of code within the application platform. In this deployment, you'll be deploying resources that are not expected to be tied to the same lifecycle as the instance of the Azure Container App, and are in fact dependencies for any given instance and could be used by multiple instances if you had multiple stamps.

> ![A picture of the long-lived resources that are part of this architecture.](./media/supporting-services.png)

Reviewer: Where is this image?  there isn't a media directory here, these are just 404ing?  Did you mean to just use the same ones from bicep? If so, please link to them. These missing images on the pages are a weird experience.

### Resources

- Azure Container Registry
- Azure Key Vault
- Private Link for each, including related DNS Private Zone configuration
- User managed identities for the workload

By default, they are deployed to the spoke resource group.

## Steps 

If you want to use remote storage, uncomment the backend block in the `providers.tf` file and provide the information for your Azure Storage Account. 

1. Create the regional resources that the Azure Container Apps platform and its applications will be dependant on.

```bash
terraform init
terraform plan -out tfplan

> terraform apply tfplan 

Reviewer: Same command as last screen, without a `cd` to get somewhere else.  Probably not going to produce anything new.

By default, they are deployed to the spoke resource group.

#### Configure Terraform remote state

To configure your Terraform deployment to use the newly provisioned storage account and container, edit the [`./providers.tf`](./providers.tf) file at lines 11-13 as below:

```hcl

>   backend "azurerm" {
>     resource_group_name  = "<REPLACE with $RESOURCE_GROUP_NAME>"
>     storage_account_name = "<REPLACE with $STORAGE_ACCOUNT_NAME>"
>     container_name       = "tfstate"
>     key                  = "myapp/supporting-services.tfstate"
>   }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
backend "azurerm" {
  resource_group_name  = "<REPLACE with $RESOURCE_GROUP_NAME>"
  storage_account_name = "<REPLACE with $STORAGE_ACCOUNT_NAME>"
  container_name       = "tfstate"
  key                  = "myapp/supporting-services.tfstate"
}
```

```

* `resource_group_name`: Name of the Azure Resource Group that the storage account resides in.
* `storage_account_name`: Name of the Azure Storage Account to be used to hold remote state.
* `container_name`: Name of the Azure Storage Account Blob Container to store remote state.
* `key`: Path and filename for the remote state file to be placed in the Storage Account Container. If the state file does not exist in this path, Terraform will automatically generate one for you.

## Steps 

> 1. Navigate to the Terraform module for the hub. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the Terraform module for the supporting services resources.
```

   
   ```bash

>    cd modules/03-supporting-services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   cd ../03-supporting-services
```

   ```

> 2. Create the regional resources that the Azure Container Apps platform and its applications will be dependant on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create the regional resources that the Azure Container Apps platform and its applications will be dependent on.
```
